Tran Phap, you bastard.
You dare lie to me.
Wang Zhigang suspected of bribery
Killing
Tax evasion
Now we commit a crime of arrest under the law.
Mr. Chen, thank you for providing the evidence.
And cooperate with us to the end.
your nephew
How dare you betray me?
Did you hand over the rookie early?
Right.
Bastard.
You also asked me to apologize to you.
You bastard, I dare to do martial arts.
So if you don't have anyone, do I need to be reasonable?
Let's go, Tran Pham.
I can not forgive you.
This is my real gift to you.
Like it?
Thank.
Your parents' revenge has been rewarded.
You should thank them for their lives.
Find a man to live well with.
you are my man